Add performance note at the top of sparse docs (#25958)
jax-ml/jax: docs/jax.experimental.sparse.rst

``jax.experimental.sparse`` module
==================================

.. note::

>    The sparse implementations here are experimental reference implementations, and
>    not recommended for use in performance-critical applications.

Reviewer: Possible slight rewording

```suggestion
   The methods in ``jax.experimental.sparse`` are experimental reference
   implementations, and not recommended for use in performance-critical
   applications.
```
